hi this is dan from Capcom today we
brought you a brand new build of the
game of street fighter cross tekken
we're going to be demonstrating the
scramble mode which is the four player
basically Royal Rumble mode all four
players will be on screen at the same
time so four players playing spore
characters yeah we just just going to
show you this this game I got team
Street Fighter here with producer
Yoshinori Ono we got the assistant
producer Tom walkie eye on us on right
here versus chance here Hollywood Ino so
you can see here that the battle is
going frantic the seas each side wants
to set up the back valves when the other
guy just runs in to smash the hell on
the other versatile light bars are
shared you can see that if you take
damage both of your characters will take
damage as well you share super meters so
you gotta watch out don't lose too much
to the ex partner will not have it to
use
it's like teen Street fire here so you
can see they had one guy constantly
throwing fireballs well the other guy
just jumped over I just trying to go in
so see what the second rounds like okay
it's like looks like they also talked to
the string strategy Graeme a fireball
battle here oh it's like game trail team
game trailer oh baby oh yeah the team
game trailers got the super super meter
charge going on yes if you charge up
your move you do get infinite amounts of
super moves basically looks like poisons
here gonna go to lay out in the back
charge up or move like she's burning it
oh it's like game team game trailers
find out pretty broken strategy abusing
it to the max it's all good it's all
good it's part of the game let's see if
team streetfighter team capcom here on
the Left can kind of figure something
out it's like they went back to their
original fireball lock down every jump
in oh it's like team team game trailers
going back to their super strategy oh
crap so good
Oh trying to grind up use that the
engine as good as possible I commend
that you always want to play to win
don't worry about hydrogen avoid shit
cuz it's a good oh here comes a good oh
good block good block your block okay
this is pretty close actually like teams
street fighters got a pincer attack
going on here that's a reverse teen
Street Fighter right here in the middle
or four characters here comes a silver
of a bucket ah can win so obscene Street
Fighter Capcom over here has lost at
their own game pretty sad about that but
I'm good good games guys